Fixed #36075 -- Documented how to introspect composite primary keys. (#19036)
django/django: docs/ref/models/fields.txt

:ref:`automatic-primary-key-fields`.

``primary_key=True`` implies :attr:`null=False <Field.null>` and

> :attr:`unique=True <Field.unique>`.
> 
> .. versionadded:: 5.2
> 
> Only one field per model can set ``primary_key=True``. Composite primary keys
> must be defined using :class:`CompositePrimaryKey` instead of setting this flag
> to ``True`` for all fields to maintain this invariant.

Reviewer: We should use `versionchanged` instead of `versionadded`, and `version*` annotations should be easy to remove, e.g.
```suggestion
:attr:`unique=True <Field.unique>`. Only one field per model can set
``primary_key=True``. Composite primary keys must be defined using
:class:`CompositePrimaryKey` instead of setting this flag to ``True`` for all
fields to maintain this invariant.

.. versionchanged:: 5.2

    The ``CompositePrimaryKey`` field was added.
```
